# Directory Structure

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [The Root Directory](#the-root-directory)
    - [The `app` Directory](#the-root-app-directory)
    - [The `bootstrap` Directory](#the-bootstrap-directory)
    - [The `config` Directory](#the-config-directory)
    - [The `database` Directory](#the-database-directory)
    - [The `public` Directory](#the-public-directory)
    - [The `resources` Directory](#the-resources-directory)
    - [The `routes` Directory](#the-routes-directory)
    - [The `storage` Directory](#the-storage-directory)
    - [The `vendor` Directory](#the-vendor-directory)
- [The App Directory](#the-app-directory)
    - [The `Console` Directory](#the-console-directory)
    - [The `Events` Directory](#the-events-directory)
    - [The `Exceptions` Directory](#the-exceptions-directory)
    - [The `Http` Directory](#the-http-directory)
    - [The `Listeners` Directory](#the-listeners-directory)
    - [The `Models` Directory](#the-models-directory)
    - [The `Providers` Directory](#the-providers-directory)

<a name="introduction"></a>
## Introduction

The default Lenevor application structure  is intended to provide excellent performance in creating applications large and small. However, you are free to organize your application however you want convenient. Lenevor does not impose restrictions on where a certain class is located, as long as it is registered from the `syscodes/register/autoloadClassmap.php` file or from Composer it can automatically load the class.

<a name="the-root-directory"></a>
## The Root Directory

<a name="the-root-app-directory"></a>
#### The App Directory

The `app` directory contains all the main code of your application. More later is explain with detail this directory; however,  all the classes in your application will be in this directory.

<a name="the-bootstrap-directory"></a>
#### The Bootstrap Directory

The `bootstrap` directory contains the `app.php` file than bootstraps the framework. This directory also houses a `register` directory than contains framework generated files for autoload class map, files helpers and psr4. Therefore, you should not modify any files in this directory. 

<a name="the-config-directory"></a>
#### The Config Directory

The `config` directory contains all of your application's configuration files. 

<a name="the-database-directory"></a>
#### The Database Directory

The `database` directory contains your database migrations, seeds and allows you may also use the `data` sub-directory to hold an SQLite database.

<a name="the-public-directory"></a>
#### The Public Directory

The `public` directory contains the `index.php` file, than is the entry point for all request entering you application and configures autloading. In this directory also houses your assets such as CSS, fonts, images and JavaScript.

<a name="the-resources-directory"></a>
#### The Resources Directory

The `resources` directory contains your views, as wll as your raw, un-compiled assets such as CSS and JavaScript. Also houses all of your language files.

<a name="the-routes-directory"></a>
#### The Routes Directory

The `routes` directory contains all of the route definitoins for you application. By default, several route files are included with Laravel: `web.php` and `api.php`.

The `web.php` file contains routes that the `RouteServiceProvider` places in the `web` middleware group, which provides session state, CSRF protection, and cookie encryption. If your application does not offer a stateless RESTful API, perhaps all of its paths are defined in the `web.php` file.

The `api.php` file contains routes that the `RouteServiceProvider` places in the `api` middleware group. These routes are intended to be stateless, so requests entering the application through these routes are intended to be authenticated via tokens and will not have access to session state.

<a name="the-routes-directory"></a>
##### The Storage Directory

The `storage` directory contains your logs, compiled Blade templates, file based sessions, file caches, and other files generated by the framework. This directory is segregated into `app`, `framework`, and `logs` directories. The `app` directory may be used to store any files generated by your application. The `framework` directory is used to store framework generated files and caches. Finally, the `logs` directory contains your application's log files.

<a name="the-vendor-directory"></a>
##### The Vendor Directory

The `vendor` directory contains your [Composer](https://getcomposer.org) dependencies.

<a name="the-storage-directory"></a>
## The App Directory

All the applications which develop be found in the application directory. By default, this directory has the namespaces in application both which is autoloaded by `Autoloader` own of framework or through `Composer` using the [PSR-4 autoloading standard](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-4/).

The `app` directory contains a variety of additional directories such as `Console`, `Http`, and `Providers`. Think of the `Console` and `Http` directories as providing an API into the core of your application. The HTTP protocol and CLI are both mechanisms to interact with your application, but do not actually contain application logic. In other words, they are two ways of issuing commands to your application. 

<a name="the-console-directory"></a>
#### The Console Directory

The `Console` directory contains all of teh custom `Prime` commands for you application. In the moment everything concerning the console application of the framework is under development. 

<a name="the-events-directory"></a>
#### The Events Directory

This directory does not exist by default, however, it will be created by you manually, for now, it should be like this until the development of the `Prime` command console is finished. The `Events` directory houses event classes. Events are used to alert other applications that a certain action has occurred, providing great flexibility and process control within applications.

<a name="the-exceptions-directory"></a>
#### The Exceptions Directory

The `Exceptions` directory contains your application's exception handler and is also a good place to place any exceptions thrown by your application. If you would like to customize how your exceptions are logged or rendered, you should modify the `Handler` class in this directory.

<a name="the-http-directory"></a>
#### The Http Directory

The `Http` directory contains your controllers, middlewares, and form requests. From this directory, all requests entering your application are handled. 

<a name="the-listeners-directory"></a>
#### The Listeners Directory

This directory does not exist by default, however, it will be created by you manually, for now, it should be like this until the development of the `Prime` command console is finished. The `Listeners` directory contains teh classes that handle your events. Event listeners receive an event instance and perform logic in response to the event being fired.

<a name="the-models-directory"></a>
#### The Models Directory

The `Models` directory contains all of your Holisen model classes. At the moment the ORM is being developed and instead you can access a database using the `QueryBuilder`.

<a name="the-providers-directory"></a>
#### The Providers Directory

The `Providers` directory contains all of the service providers for your application. Service providers bootstrap your application by binding services in the service container, registering events, or performing any other tasks to prepare your application for incoming requests.